# Change Log

* [0.2.0](#020)
* [0.1.0](#010)

## 0.2.0 - 2016-01-05

* Improved README, added links to screencasts, updated documentation with new changes and fixed other typos and composition errors.

* :warning: Removed `fisher update --cache` in favor of `fisher --cache | fisher update` and `fisher uninstall --all` in favor of `fisher --cache | fisher uninstall`.

* :warning: Fisherman does not move initialization / configuration files following the convention `name`.config.fish to `$fisher_config/functions`, but to `$fisher_config/conf.d` now and evaluates each `*.config.fish` inside at shell start as usual. Closes #13.

* Added `fisher --cache[=base]` option to retrieve contents in `$fisher_cache`, eliminating flaky usage of `find(1)`. Closes #11.

* Fisherman now generates information about plugins installed via custom URLs. For the description, a shortened version of the URL is used. For the URL the full URL is used. For tags, the URL is fuzzily checked and tags such as _theme_, _plugin_, _config_ and _omf_ are added. The tag _orphan_ is added by default as well. Finally, the author is generated by retrieving the e-mail or username of the author of the first commit in the plugin's repository. Closes #9 and #14.

* Changed `--path-in-cache` to `--translate.` This function translates an name or supported URL/URL variation into a path inside `$fisher_cache`. This allows you to treat plugins installed via custom URLs almost like regular plugins if they are installed. Closes #8.

* Fixed a bug with `mktemp` failing on some systems. Closes #7. Thanks @tobywf.

* Added [CODE_OF_CONDUCT][code_of_conduct]. Closes #6.

* Fisherman can now unload themes within the same shell, without having to restart the session. Closes #5.

* Fisherman can now load themes within the same shell, without having to restart the session using `exec fish`. Shoddy themes, for example those failing to declare global variables with the `-g` flag still require the session to be reset. See [**related**][bobthefish-19]. Closes #4.

* Move `getopts` implementation to `share/getopts.awk`. Closes #3.

* Support dots inside URIs in `fisher --validate`. Closes #2.

* Refactored and improved tests for `install`, `update` and `uninstall`.

## [0.1.0][v010] - 2016-01-01

* Initial commit.


:anchor:

<!--  Links -->

[v010]: https://github.com/fisherman/fisherman/commit/3386ed052ae4a84338c340d37b98c1742f8a45f6
[bobthefish-19]: https://github.com/oh-my-fish/theme-bobthefish/pull/19
[code_of_conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
